feat(tests): Init test toolkit documentation (#1809)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/process/pages/process-integration-test.adoc

We will briefly describe in this section the process used in the test xref:quick-start-test[below]. It is not mandatory to reproduce this process to write a first test, any kind a basic process can be used. +
In this process, we are going to create a dinosaur with a name, a color, and decide if he's hungry or not. Depending on his hungry state, he will go to hunt or go to sleep.

The following Business Data Model is used: 

[caption=""]
.Dinosaur
|===
|Name   | Type    | Multiple |Mandatory

|name   | String  | false    | true
|color  | String  | false    | true
|hungry | Boolean | false    | true
|===

The following process is used: 

image::images/integration-test-quick-start-process.png[Quick start process example]

The process contains a business data `dinosaur` of type `com.company.model.Dinosaur`. + 
On the task `createDinosaur`, a contract is defined to instantiate this business data. +
If the field `hungry` is set to `true`, then the path to the task `goToHunt` is selected, else its the path to the task `goToSleep`.

[#quick-start-test]
=== Create a Bonita test project

Create a new Maven project with the following pom.xml: 

[source,xml]
----

> <project xmlns="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:schemaLocation="http://maven.apache.org/POM/4.0.0 https://maven.apache.org/xsd/maven-4.0.0.xsd">

Reviewer: some dependencies are not required and some plugins are not configured

= Create process integration tests
:description: This pages describes how to write process integration tests using the Bonita Test Toolkit.

{description}

[NOTE]
====
The Bonita Test Toolkit is only available for Enterprise, Performance, Efficiency and teamwork editions only. 

> However, it based on the open source https://github.com/bonitasoft/bonita-java-client[Bonita Java Client] to make HTTP calls on the Bonita platform. Any user can make its own test toolkit using this client. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, it is based on the open source https://github.com/bonitasoft/bonita-java-client[Bonita Java Client] to make HTTP calls to the Bonita runtime. Any user can make their own test toolkit using this client. 
```

====

Some developer skills are required to follow this documentation page and, generally, to write process integration tests.

== Motivations

> In the world of development, writing tests is not an option. It is the best way to ensure that a product fulfill its requirements, and that existing existing features won't be broken by future developments. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the world of development, writing tests is not an option. It is the best way to ensure that a product fulfill its requirements, and that existing features won't be broken by future developments. 
```

> This apply to Bonita processes. For each process, an integration test should be written, to validate that the process executes correctly depending on the inputs, that after each task the platform is in the expected state and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This applies to Bonita processes. For each process, an integration test should be written, to validate that the process executes correctly depending on the inputs, that after each task the platform is in the expected state and so on.
```

            </dependency>
        </dependencies>
    </dependencyManagement>
    
    <dependencies>
        <dependency> <1>
            <groupId>com.bonitasoft</groupId>
            <artifactId>bonita-test-toolkit</artifactId>
            <version>${bonita-test-toolkit.version}</version>
            <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.junit.jupiter</groupId>
            <artifactId>junit-jupiter-engine</artifactId>
            <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.assertj</groupId>
            <artifactId>assertj-core</artifactId>
            <version>${assertj-core.version}</version>
            <scope>test</scope>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
    
    <build>
        <pluginManagement>
            <plugins>
                <plugin>
                    <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
                    <artifactId>maven-failsafe-plugin</artifactId>
                    <version>${maven-failsafe-plugin.version}</version>
                </plugin>
            </plugins>
        </pluginManagement>
        
        <plugins>

>             <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>

Author: ```suggestion
<plugin>
            <groupId>org.apache.maven.plugins</groupId>
```

            <artifactId>maven-failsafe-plugin</artifactId>
            <executions>
                <execution>
                    <goals>
                        <goal>integration-test</goal>
                        <goal>verify</goal>
                    </goals>
                </execution>
            </executions>

>         </plugins>

Author: ```suggestion
	</plugin>
        </plugins>
```

</project>
----
<1> The Bonita Test Toolkit dependency

In `src-test/java/com/company/test`, create a class `ProcessIT.java` with the following content: 

[source, java]
----
package com.company.test;

import static org.assertj.core.api.Assertions.assertThat;

import java.util.List;

import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;
import org.junit.jupiter.api.extension.RegisterExtension;

import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.BonitaTestToolkit;
import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.assertion.BonitaAssertions;
import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.contract.ComplexInputBuilder;
import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.contract.ContractBuilder;
import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.junit.extension.BonitaTestExtension;
import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.junit.extension.BonitaTestExtension.Configuration;
import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.model.BusinessData;
import com.bonitasoft.test.toolkit.model.Task;

public class ProcessIT {

    @RegisterExtension
    static BonitaTestExtension bonitaExtension = new BonitaTestExtension(Configuration.builder()
            .targetRuntimeURL(() -> "http://localhost:8080/bonita")
            .deleteProcessInstances()
            .clearBDM()
            .build()); <1>

    @Test

>     public void should_create_a_tyrannosaurus(BonitaTestToolkit toolkit) throws Exception { <2>

Author: ```suggestion
    public void should_create_an_hungry_tyrannosaurus(BonitaTestToolkit toolkit) throws Exception { <2>
```

        var user = toolkit.getUser("walter.bates"); <3>
        var processDef = toolkit.getProcessDefinition("create-dinosaur"); <4>
        var businessObject = toolkit.getBusinessOject("com.company.model.Dinosaur"); <5>

        assertThat(businessObject.findAll(0, 10)).isEmpty();

        var processInstance = processDef.startProcessFor(user); <6>
        BonitaAssertions.assertThat(processInstance).isStarted();

>         BonitaAssertions.assertThat(processInstance).containsPendingTasks("CreateDinosaur"); <7>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        BonitaAssertions.assertThat(processInstance).containsPendingUserTasks("CreateDinosaur"); <7>
```
